money is not a real resource money is
the resource that we use to determine
the allocation of the real resources if
rich people get an enormous amount of
money they will out compete you and your
children for housing house prices will
go up your kids will not be able to
afford a house that means they will rent
for longer that means they will have to
borrow money from the rich to buy houses
they will pay more interest follow the
money follow the money who is getting
richer who is getting poorer whose taxes
are going up whose taxes are going down
who is finding it harder to buy a house
who is buying 10 or 20 houses follow the
money look at the distribution this is
what matters to protect the financial
position of your kids and your grandkids
Donald Trump will fail in the economy K
starm and labor will fail in the economy
both of these leaders despite in theory
sitting on opposite sides of the
political Spectrum will oversee a
continued increase in inequality just
like Obama did just like David Cameron
did just like Boris Johnson did just
like George Bush did all of these
presidents and prime ministers be they
red or blue all of your leaders have
overseen a rise in inequality what you
have here is a massive boat with a hole
in the bottom and one group of people is
telling you to roll more sensibly and
another group is telling you to kick out
the foreigners while you and your family
and your community are hemorrhaging your
wealth to those people and the people
that fund them stop arguing about the
right left Bull and start protecting
your resources start protecting your
wealth you do that by taxing the rich